Ruby 2.6.3 released (#2023)
ruby/www.ruby-lang.org: en/news/_posts/2019-04-01-ruby-2-6-3-released.md

---
layout: news_post
title: "Ruby 2.6.3 Released"
author: "naruse"
translator:
date: 2019-04-01 00:00:00 +0000
lang: en
---

Ruby 2.6.3 has been released.

> This release update Unicode version to 12.1, which add to New Japanese Era "〓〓".

Reviewer: which adds support for

Reviewer 2: ```diff
- This release update
+ This release updates
```

Reviewer 3: It also should have a `the` before 'Unicode version': 

```suggestion
This release updates the Unicode version to 12.1, which adds support for New Japanese Era "〓〓".
```

This release also includes some bug fixes.
See details [commit logs](https://github.com/ruby/ruby/compare/v2_6_2...v2_6_3).

## Download

## Release Comment

Many committers, developers, and users who provided bug reports helped

> us make this release.

Reviewer 2: Not a big deal, should we merge this with above line? 🙋

Author: meged!
